We carpenters
It's decided today, don't you?
You and I are rich
How dare you ask Lord Zhenhu's son?
You send someone to top this old thing
Zhou Xian, Zhou Xian
How scheming are you?
What can you do with more cleverness?
Haven't I taken the head of this unicorn?
From Now On
Bound to our nine families
The so-called charm
Lies come to nothing
no longer exists
I don't care how you took the Immortal Destruction Sword
No matter what tricks you use
Cut off my connection with the sword of swords
But Qin Yun, the sect master of Yuanye Sect
That is, my master will come today
If you don't tell the truth
Stop him in time
Welcome to your
Will be the fury of his old man
Bunch of idiots
Now completely angered the unicorn
You're all going to die.
What an international joke
We are the celestial teachers who teach you
By my namesake, the evil god is willing to worship a circle of warriors
None of you can escape